.\"
.\" Copyright (C) Mellanox Technologies Ltd. 2001-2011.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
.\" Copyright (C) UT-Battelle, LLC. 2014-2015. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
.\" Copyright (C) The University of Tennessee and The University
.\"               of Tennessee Research Foundation. 2016. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
.\" Copyright (C) Stony Brook University 2019. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
.\"
.\" See file LICENSE for terms.
.\"
.TH ucx_info 1 "" "openucx"
.SH NAME
\fBucx_info\fP \- display information about installed UCX
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBucx_info\fP [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBucx_info\fP displays information about the configuration of UCX.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-v"
Show version information
.IP "-d"
Show devices and transports
.IP "-b"
Show build configuration
.IP "-y"
Show type and structures information
.IP "-s"
Show system information
.IP "-c"
Show UCX configuration
.IP "-a"
Show also hidden configuration
.IP "-f"
Display fully decorated output
.LP
\fBUCP information ("-u" is required):\fP
.LP
.IP "-p"
Show UCP context information
.IP "-w"
Show UCP worker information
.IP "-e"
Show UCP endpoint configuration
.IP "-m"
Show UCP memory map configuration (requires memory size as an argument)
.LP
.IP "-u <features>"
.br
UCP context features to use. String of one or more of:
.RS
.IP "'a'" 4
: atomic operations
.IP "'r'" 4
: remote memory access
.IP "'t'" 4
: tag matching
.IP "'w'" 4
: wakeup
.LP
Modifiers to use in combination with above features:
.RS
.IP "'e'" 4
: error handling
.RE
.RE
.LP
\fBOther options\fP
.LP
.IP "-t <name>"
Filter devices information using specified transport (requires -d)
.IP "-n <count>"
Estimated UCP endpoint count (for ucp_init)
.IP "-D <type>"
Set which device types to use when creating UCP context:
.RS
.IP "'all'" 8
: all possible devices (default)
.IP "'shm'" 8
: shared memory devices only
.IP "'net'" 8
: network devices only
.IP "'self'" 8
: self transport only
.RE
.IP "-h"
Show this help message
.LP
.SH
SEE ALSO
ucx_perftest(1),
ucx_read_profile(1)
.SH OPENUCX
\f(CRhttp://www.openucx.org/\fP

